[Music]
alone
hi i'm here to see emily stanton you
have an appointment i'm her best friend
we're not currently what i would say
best friends or friends
you look good you look great what have
you been up to
let me show you i've been developing a
genetic platform that will allow us to
give
ordinary people superpowers but do me a
favor please
don't touch anything
oh dear god lydia do you have any idea
what you've done
you just took our only formula for super
strength
everything about you will become
stronger
i am all powerful
then they get sprained my groin do
chicks have groins
what's your superpower invisibility
that's awesome let's see what these
powers can really do
everyone just stay calm and no one's
gonna get
[Music]
them from the hurt out oh man please
don't film this there's a mistake
thunder force remember it for the first
time in history we're seeing real-life
superheroes fighting crime
but we're also seeing a new kind of
criminal this city deserves what's
coming to it
boom
it's go time
oh we've got to rethink this car yeah
how could we not stop two chicks in
their 40s
yeah what's the smell it's the suits we
can't wash them
lydia do not throw that bus i can't hear
you because i'm literally throwing up
i'm sorry that's on me
the hell are you you'd think cancer but
uh capricorn actually sag moon
and all kinds of things rising that's
messed up
[Music]
you